readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="/images/wled_logo_akemi.png">
  <a href="https://github.com/wled-dev/WLED/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/wled-dev/WLED.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wled-dev/WLED/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/wled-dev/wled?color=blue&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://wled.discourse.group"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discourse/topics?colorB=blue&label=forum&server=https%3A%2F%2Fwled.discourse.group%2F&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/QAh7wJHrRM"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/473448917040758787.svg?colorB=blue&label=discord&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://kno.wled.ge"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/quick_start-wiki-blue.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Aircoookie/WLED-App"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/app-wled-blue.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/wled-dev/WLED"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?style=flat-square&logo=gitpod"></a>

  </p>

# Welcome to my project WLED! ✨

A fast and feature-rich implementation of an ESP32 and ESP8266 webserver to control NeoPixel (WS2812B, WS2811, SK6812) LEDs or also SPI based chipsets like the WS2801 and APA102!

## ⚙️ Features
- WS2812FX library with more than 100 special effects  
- FastLED noise effects and 50 palettes  
- Modern UI with color, effect and segment controls  
- Segments to set different effects and colors to user defined parts of the LED string  
- Settings page - configuration via the network  
- Access Point and station mode - automatic failsafe AP  
- [Up to 10 LED outputs](https://kno.wled.ge/features/multi-strip/#esp32) per instance
- Support for RGBW strips  
- Up to 250 user presets to save and load colors/effects easily, supports cycling through them.  
- Presets can be used to automatically execute API calls  
- Nightlight function (gradually dims down)  
- Full OTA software updateability (HTTP + ArduinoOTA), password protectable  
- Configurable analog clock (Cronixie, 7-segment and EleksTube IPS clock support via usermods) 
- Configurable Auto Brightness limit for safe operation  
- Filesystem-based config for easier backup of presets and settings  

## 💡 Supported light control interfaces
- WLED app for [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aircoookie.WLED) and [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/wled/id1475695033)
- JSON and HTTP request APIs  
- MQTT   
- E1.31, Art-Net, DDP and TPM2.net
- [diyHue](https://github.com/diyhue/diyHue) (Wled is supported by diyHue, including Hue Sync Entertainment under udp. Thanks to [Gregory Mallios](https://github.com/gmallios))
- [Hyperion](https://github.com/hyperion-project/hyperion.ng)
- UDP realtime  
- Alexa voice control (including dimming and color)  
- Sync to Philips hue lights  
- Adalight (PC ambilight via serial) and TPM2  
- Sync color of multiple WLED devices (UDP notifier)  
- Infrared remotes (24-key RGB, receiver required)  
- Simple timers/schedules (time from NTP, timezones/DST supported)  

## 📲 Quick start guide and documentation

See the [documentation on our official site](https://kno.wled.ge)!

[On this page](https://kno.wled.ge/basics/tutorials/) you can find excellent tutorials and tools to help you get your new project up and running!

## 🖼️ User interface
<img src="/images/macbook-pro-space-gray-on-the-wooden-table.jpg" width="50%"><img src="/images/walking-with-iphone-x.jpg" width="50%">

## 💾 Compatible hardware

See [here](https://kno.wled.ge/basics/compatible-hardware)!

## ✌️ Other

Licensed under the EUPL v1.2 license  
Credits [here](https://kno.wled.ge/about/contributors/)!

Join the Discord server to discuss everything about WLED!

<a href="https://discord.gg/QAh7wJHrRM"><img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/473448917040758787/widget.png?style=banner2" width="25%"></a>

Check out the WLED [Discourse forum](https://wled.discourse.group)!  

You can also send me mails to [dev.aircoookie@gmail.com](mailto:dev.aircoookie@gmail.com), but please, only do so if you want to talk to me privately.  

If WLED really brightens up your day, you can [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/send%20me%20a%20small%20gift-paypal-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://paypal.me/aircoookie)


*Disclaimer:*   

If you are prone to photosensitive epilepsy, we recommended you do **not** use this software.  
If you still want to try, don't use strobe, lighting or noise modes or high effect speed settings.

As per the EUPL license, I assume no liability for any damage to you or any other person or equipment.

Commit message:

Add support for KSZ8863RLL ethernet phy with custom arduino core

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="/images/wled_logo_akemi.png">
  <a href="https://github.com/wled-dev/WLED/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/wled-dev/WLED.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wled-dev/WLED/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/wled-dev/wled?color=blue&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://wled.discourse.group"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discourse/topics?colorB=blue&label=forum&server=https%3A%2F%2Fwled.discourse.group%2F&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/QAh7wJHrRM"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/473448917040758787.svg?colorB=blue&label=discord&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://kno.wled.ge"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/quick_start-wiki-blue.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Aircoookie/WLED-App"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/app-wled-blue.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/wled-dev/WLED"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?style=flat-square&logo=gitpod"></a>

  </p>

# Why this fork exists

This branch adds support for the KSZ8863 Ethernet Phy.
This has an integrated ethernet switch, making it possible to build WLED devices with two ethernet ports.

With this feature you can dasy-chain multiple WLED devices.

## I2C
The communication between ESP32 and Phy uses I2C in other tasks!
Using wire.h to communicate with custom I2C devices will most likely interfere with the Phy communication!

## Hardware
Connect the KSZ8863 to your ESP32 as following:

ESP32 -> KSZ8863
IO0   -> REFCLKI_3 (23) & REFCLKO_3 (17)
IO21  -> CRS_DV (16)
IO27  -> TX_EN  (25)
IO25  -> TXD0   (29)
IO26  -> TXD1   (28)
IO19  -> RXD0   (20)
IO22  -> RXD1   (19)
IO14  -> SCL    (36)
IO15  -> SDA    (37)


# Welcome to my project WLED! ✨

A fast and feature-rich implementation of an ESP32 and ESP8266 webserver to control NeoPixel (WS2812B, WS2811, SK6812) LEDs or also SPI based chipsets like the WS2801 and APA102!

## ⚙️ Features
- WS2812FX library with more than 100 special effects  
- FastLED noise effects and 50 palettes  
- Modern UI with color, effect and segment controls  
- Segments to set different effects and colors to user defined parts of the LED string  
- Settings page - configuration via the network  
- Access Point and station mode - automatic failsafe AP  
- [Up to 10 LED outputs](https://kno.wled.ge/features/multi-strip/#esp32) per instance
- Support for RGBW strips  
- Up to 250 user presets to save and load colors/effects easily, supports cycling through them.  
- Presets can be used to automatically execute API calls  
- Nightlight function (gradually dims down)  
- Full OTA software updateability (HTTP + ArduinoOTA), password protectable  
- Configurable analog clock (Cronixie, 7-segment and EleksTube IPS clock support via usermods) 
- Configurable Auto Brightness limit for safe operation  
- Filesystem-based config for easier backup of presets and settings  

## 💡 Supported light control interfaces
- WLED app for [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aircoookie.WLED) and [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/wled/id1475695033)
- JSON and HTTP request APIs  
- MQTT   
- E1.31, Art-Net, DDP and TPM2.net
- [diyHue](https://github.com/diyhue/diyHue) (Wled is supported by diyHue, including Hue Sync Entertainment under udp. Thanks to [Gregory Mallios](https://github.com/gmallios))
- [Hyperion](https://github.com/hyperion-project/hyperion.ng)
- UDP realtime  
- Alexa voice control (including dimming and color)  
- Sync to Philips hue lights  
- Adalight (PC ambilight via serial) and TPM2  
- Sync color of multiple WLED devices (UDP notifier)  
- Infrared remotes (24-key RGB, receiver required)  
- Simple timers/schedules (time from NTP, timezones/DST supported)  

## 📲 Quick start guide and documentation

See the [documentation on our official site](https://kno.wled.ge)!

[On this page](https://kno.wled.ge/basics/tutorials/) you can find excellent tutorials and tools to help you get your new project up and running!

## 🖼️ User interface
<img src="/images/macbook-pro-space-gray-on-the-wooden-table.jpg" width="50%"><img src="/images/walking-with-iphone-x.jpg" width="50%">

## 💾 Compatible hardware

See [here](https://kno.wled.ge/basics/compatible-hardware)!

## ✌️ Other

Licensed under the EUPL v1.2 license  
Credits [here](https://kno.wled.ge/about/contributors/)!

Join the Discord server to discuss everything about WLED!

<a href="https://discord.gg/QAh7wJHrRM"><img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/473448917040758787/widget.png?style=banner2" width="25%"></a>

Check out the WLED [Discourse forum](https://wled.discourse.group)!  

You can also send me mails to [dev.aircoookie@gmail.com](mailto:dev.aircoookie@gmail.com), but please, only do so if you want to talk to me privately.  

If WLED really brightens up your day, you can [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/send%20me%20a%20small%20gift-paypal-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://paypal.me/aircoookie)


*Disclaimer:*   

If you are prone to photosensitive epilepsy, we recommended you do **not** use this software.  
If you still want to try, don't use strobe, lighting or noise modes or high effect speed settings.

As per the EUPL license, I assume no liability for any damage to you or any other person or equipment.
